# Hi! 👋
I'm Anna, a DevOps Engineer by trade. In my spare time, I work on my own open source projects and occasionally other people's - I find it incredibly satisfying to build useful, well written, and properly documented open source projects. I'm not really an ideas person, and definitely not a good web designer though, so most of my projects are niche libraries, extensions, or command line tools.

## My Favorite Projects
1. <a href="https://github.com/Ara225/ara225.DynamoDBUserStore">ara225.DynamoDBUserStore</a> - A C# ASP .NET Core library that allows developers to store users and roles in AWS DynamoDB when using ASP .NET Core Identity. This is my favorite because it's the most likely to be used in production, it has full test coverage, and is quite well written. Byproduct of me trying to learn C#
2. <a href="https://github.com/Ara225/node-js-pxe-server">node-js-pxe-server</a> - A Node.js module written in JavaScript that runs a PXE server - server for network booting computers. I like this project because it sounds like it shouldn't work, but it very much does.
3. <a href="https://github.com/Ara225/regex-copy-or-cut">regex-copy-or-cut</a> - A JavaScript/Node.js VsCode Extension. The first piece of code I ever published, and also the one with the most downloads.
3. <a href="https://github.com/Ara225/serverless-audiobook-maker">serverless-audiobook-maker</a> - A AWS serverless pipeline to create a speech-to-text audiobook from a text file uploaded to a S3 bucket. Turned out to be useless as AWS Polly isn't as good as it's cracked up to be, but it was fun to make.
